# CS-255

  For this project, our company worked on the design for a driver education system for DriverPass. DriverPass is a company that desires to help students pass the DMV's driving exam. They specifically were looking to implement an online system that would allow clients to purchase lesson time with a driving instructor, an online course with current materials, and an in-person class about driving rules and policies.
  I think that each different part of the planning process has several areas that were planned and executed well. The detail on the diagrams will help the developers, testers, and users all understand the system. If there was an area that could use improvement, I would choose to add more diagrams for other parts of the system that were not covered in this design process.
    By paying close attention to the information given by the clients during the interview process, it was possible to plan for all of the requirements that they were requesting. Having a well organized and prepared client interview helped to determine their goals and refine their requirements into system design information. Without the user's goals and requirements, it would be very difficult to create a system that meets their needs and quite possibly be of any benefit to them.
    Having a good client interview process is the foundation for designing a good system. Thinking about use cases allows refinement of the processes that need to be in the system. By diagramming the processes and data flow, it is possible to combine the different data that is being moved around the system to see what should be combined into objects for combined storage. This allows the creation of class diagrams, which help to refine the process and define super and sub classes to combine collectively shared attributes and methods into a more structured system. All of these processes together build a greater understanding of how the system should work together and what components are needed for success. These components must include the data, processes, software, and hardware t hat will be required.
